


1.
know the difference between first name and last name

2.
Data frame that estimates first name and last name.

3.
The success metrics are:
- Successfully identified first name and last name.
- Time it took
- Memory/space it took

Key Results should be:
- first name and last name are correctly identified
- arranged thorugh contraction date
- users can interactively change the order
- users can interactively use filters to find certain customers

Failure if:
- Switching first name and last name 
- Not being able to identify any name


4.
A data frame that has first and last names and the success rate

How many rows have correct first names and last names in order?

5.
The output should be in a csv file with appropriate values in appropriate columns.
When successfully saved the right data (first name and last name), then users
should not have problems looking for the customers

It will be used for when identifying our customers/clients that are going to be related with contract primary keys, or date, or our product-related keys.

6.
We would use python to pull in the text data and hard code in a way where the function is able to recognize certain names in certain patterns. For example, The data will come in according to their first name and last name. The format could be different, whether they could have entered their user name together, separate, or other different ways. However, the program will enable to differentiate the characteristics and implement functions to make appropriate adjustments.

7a.
Our problem is best framed as Multi-class multi-label classification, which predicts
a number of different first names and last names for given full names.

7b.
Our problem can be generated by binary classification, which sorts full names into 
first name and last name.

8. 
Input 1: FullName
Input 2: Country
Input 3: State
Input 4: Ethnicity
Input 5: Gender
Output: First Name, Last Name

9.
All the inputs should be given from users who enter data.

10. 
The easiest input that I can obtain is users' name, county, and state.
Ethnicity and Gender may be sensitive to some individuals these days.
